Clarify language in the README (#12)
maintainers/welcome: README.md

> # Welcome to Open Source Maintainers at GitHub!

Reviewer: that change makes it sound like it’s for maintainers who work at GitHub, compared to maintainers that use GitHub

Author: Good idea! 
```suggestion
# Welcome to the Open Source Maintainers organization
```

This is a space for maintainers to discuss experiences, challenges, and best practices in maintaining popular open source software (OSS) projects.

## How do I join?
This page is the public README for a private maintainers community. We’ve made it private to enable a free exchange of ideas, and we’re starting with a small group to ensure a good experience. 

We are not currently accepting applications, but we may do so in the future.

## Public resources

- Best practices: [Open Source Guides](https://opensource.guide)
- OSS data for research: [Open Source Survey](http://opensourcesurvey.org/2017/)

> - To help you get started as a contributor and convince your employers to join: [Open Source Friday](https://opensourcefriday.com/)

Author: ```suggestion
- To help you get started as a contributor and convince your employers to participate in OSS: [Open Source Friday](https://opensourcefriday.com/)
```
